Welcome to Meltdown Commons in Hollywood, California.
Harmontown is now in session.
Please welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Thank you. Thank you so much.
Happy New Year, 2015. We're in Back to the Future's version of the future.
Are we all wearing metal hats and things like that?
Yeah, we've got little LEDs.
You have to choose whether you're a lobo, a squeam squab, or a zip-head.
What's the...
You're a tranq, a lobo.
Wait, do you actually know what's the...
Lowres, Bojo, and Flapjack? What are the three?
That's Back to the Future 2, anyway.
YouTube recommend...
I recommend YouTube. It's amazing.
It's videos just direct to your computer.
The next time you're like, oh boy, I got nothing to do.
I got nothing to think about. My world isn't dark enough.
This will actually lighten it up.
There's these videos. Schrab sent me.
There's this guy. This is my new fascination is the people who are exposing things,
like the Illuminati things, the patterns that they see in stuff.
You've seen the one that's like Angels in the Outfield.
There's a guy who's proving that Angels in the Outfield is like a pedophile.
It's like a pedophile spell that it's casting on you.
And it just keeps like freeze, right?
He's going, look where his eyes are looking, right at the little boy's dick.
The Back to the Future one is like fucking amazing.
There's this guy who's just like...
And he throws everything at it.
First of all, he sees every moon landing JFK and 9-11 in Back to the Future.
Like he literally says at one point in his video,
the movie is crawling with 9-11s as he's pointing them out.
There is a point, for example, when the DeLorean finally goes back to the future and leaves the trail of 11,
as it heads for the movie theater, and the camera pans back,
and there is a fucking god damn if there isn't a god damn 9.
It's like some kind of Western themed breakfast place or something with a lasso for a logo,
and it's like 9-11.
I'm a convert, but...
The crazy thing about it is that the guy can detect every 9-11 if he sees JFK's head everywhere.
But he doesn't know that there's a difference between Back to the Future one and two.
He keeps referring to him as the same movie.
It's like, no, that's the second one.
You're in the splash zone here, my friend.
You're going to get a little bit of...
What happens is the vodka has a...
My mustache has a wick effect.
And I take a drink of the vodka capillaries up.
And so then whenever I have a splosive...
A splosive?
The other day, I picked a pack of peppers.
It's just vodka. It's not even spit. It's just pure vodka.
It's good for you.
So if you sit in the right place, you can get fucked up?
Yeah, yeah. Especially him.
Look at him. He's a pretty fresh-faced young man.
I believe you could get drunk off of a little bit of aerosol vodka.
That's a compliment. You're a very handsome little boy.
If you want to watch Angels in the Outfield later...
Dan, is it me or is your beard achieving greatness?
I can actually... I noticed backstage that I can actually grab it with my fist now.
There's a thing here I can grab.
A threshold has been crossed with your beard.
I lost my trimmer at the wedding.
It's somewhere in the house. I had my beard trimmer.
I trimmed my beard for the wedding and I haven't trimmed it since.
So this is...
See, it looks trimmed, though.
It looks like you've manicured a nice gentle-ben kind of beard.
I haven't.
Anyways, what...
YouTube. We're talking about YouTube.
So, yeah, just check that out.
Just Google YouTube...
Yahoo! Use Yahoo!
Back to the future, 9-11.
The JFK stuff is really interesting because the guy is convinced that the Hill Valley is identical to Dealey Plaza
and that Marty McFly is standing where Kennedy was shot
when he's looking at the Sports Almanac.
And in the window where you see the Sports Almanac, you see two different presidents portrayed two-dimensionally,
but then you can see a Kennedy head that is three-dimensional,
thus proving the point which is that Kennedy is a transcendent, multi-dimensional being
and his assassination has something to do with...
Back to the future.
And 9-11.
He's in it again.
And the guy keeps calling...
Of course, he's Gaga for the Twin Pines thing.
Of course, he's crazy about the Twin Pines thing.
He's like, for some reason, now there's one pine.
Motherfucker, watch the movie that you're...
It's not a hidden message.
It's the joke is that the...
It's like, why is there now one pine?
It's a bit.
That's pine 11.
That's been our show. Thanks, guys.
Thanks for coming.
I think it's the biggest...
That wasn't even funny.
You guys are a real pushover.
Yeah, they're a hot crowd.
We got to reward them.
Got to reward them for this heat.
Got to make some popcorn with this.
So, this is the last week, I think,
that the music is going to be just a free-for-all, copyright-wise.
Should I just play Beatles all night, then?
Yeah, yeah.
But we're asking...
If you go to Harmontownmusic.tumblr.com,
if you're a musician anywhere in the world, really,
there's already people that are giving us stuff
that we can use under a term that they can agree to.
We'll use people's stuff who let us use their music
and we'll be able to give you credit stuff.
That'll be fun, because I love being able to play whatever I want.
But I would love to...
If it was all Armenian music, that'd be very cool.
Yeah, yeah. Well, it'd be cool, because, yeah,
they do a little thing, especially like...
Stir me up a little hip-hop pudding.
You little hip-hoppers out there
within the sound of my voice, you know,
you could be really...
I'm sure that would be a real honor
for your beats to be served up alongside my dropped science.
Okay, so SimCity Build It is going on in the news.
I'm playing it on my iPad,
and you know how those Sims...
You know how the Sims, like, they talk gibberish,
like SimLanguage, they go, like,
R-R-R-B-R, you know?
There's a guy, every time you click on a guy
that's going to sell you something
or buy something from you,
he goes, he goes,
Pussy whips. Pussy whips? Yeah. Pussy whips.
Yeah, or lips.
Pussy whips.
Yeah, check it out for yourself.
It's free to play, so check it out.
But of course, after a while,
you might have to buy magic dollars
to keep potatoes from taking a year to grow.
Goddamn virus, this style of game.
Terrible.
I was driving here, and I had my iPad plugged in
in my car, like, iPod thingy,
and I forgot someone named Kyle Coberly.
Did anyone know him? Kyle Coberly?
He sent us this.
That's nice.
See, send us cool shit, we'll play it.
That seems like a little bit of some backdoor shenanigans,
like, that guy's a little more into you than me.
Johnny Carson's on the show.
Now please welcome Edward Anastasia.
Make man.
Because Davis doesn't even rhyme with anything.
It's a hard name to rhyme.
Selfie sticks.
Are happening in the news.
You got back from Paris.
I was at the Eiffel Tower a couple weeks before you,
and everybody had their goddamn selfies.
Selfies be stickin'.
People be selfie stickin'.
You got me, man.
I don't know, man, we're all over Venice.
Did you get the thing when you were in Paris
where the people walk up, do you speak English?
There were women that walk up to you, do you speak English?
I don't talk to women.
That's a hard line.
No, it's just people, like panhandlers,
but the thing is, you look American, do you speak English?
A previous trip to Paris, I think,
I encountered somebody came up
and thrust a note into my hands
that was this long, tragic tale of, like,
my child is basically like a global,
kind of born identity version of,
I ran out of gas, my kids are in the car,
but it was much more creepy,
like, why do I know where the exits are?
Where's my safety deposit box?
I can't even remember how we responded to it.
You said, yes, that's happened to you.
Do you remember what it is?
What's in and out of it?
They didn't speak English very well themselves,
so they kind of broke an English written down
and it looked like a soft story.
Yeah, and you just kind of have to give the note back.
Here's your note back.
So, selfie sticks.
Selfie sticks are happening.
Do you have one?
I don't have a selfie stick.
What's the point of a selfie stick?
If you don't have a friend to hold your camera?
I don't know.
The first selfie stick I saw was in Venice,
and I thought, oh, this must just be something,
like, maybe it's canal-based.
Maybe there's too many canals here
and maybe it's an adaptation, like a gondola, you know?
Like, you can't take a good selfie.
Too many people lose their phones over the canal, maybe.
But then it turned out, oh, no, I've just arrived in Europe
as the selfie stick has arrived on humanity.
Are these people walking around by themselves
with the selfie stick, or are they with other people?
I saw a couple, I was walking in Paris behind a couple,
not even in, like, a touristy place,
and I was behind a couple in an empty street
and they were walking and holding hands
and the man let go of her hand,
took the selfie stick, extended it,
and got, like, a tracking, like,
like, like, like, like, selfie stick shot of them walking
just for a little bit, and then put it,
they both, they kept their heads forward
while he did it, he got the shot,
and then reteles-
So they're just, like, the, like, survivor man
walking down the road, like, just, like, filming themselves?
I don't know, yeah, it's just, I guess it's just,
they feel it's a better shot.
It's like a little jib for them?
I don't like it.
Yeah.
I'm again it.
I did, was it worth it, Adam?
Adam, if you had a selfie stick,
would that have been easier for you?
I would, yeah, if everybody, next week,
everybody brings selfie sticks and
we'll do something with them, I don't know.
It worked for Ellen.
All right.
Would you get a selfie stick?
If you had one, would you use it?
If I was able, would you, would you get a selfie stick?
No, I would not, I don't, I was, I was,
I was definitely, I had a lot of opportunities
to get a selfie stick.
If somebody, if somebody gifted you one at work,
would you, would you, would you,
ironically carry it around and then use it?
No, I would use, I would use it to see
what the hubbub's about.
It just seems like a stick with your camera
on the end of it.
Yeah.
It's stupid.
Ask a stranger, ask a stranger,
say take a fucking picture of me.
Yeah, well, I mean, maybe that's,
I don't know, you don't know.
$800 pump.
Yeah, well, whatever he said, it's true, too.
You both have your points.
Your beard has got me mesmerized.
Your beard is really good.
Also, the gray is coming in nicely.
You now have a properly gray beard.
It doesn't matter.
He's, Liam Neeson is,
he's,
Liam Neeson is in Taken 3
and he's, he, he,
there's a, somebody, somebody sent me a link
to a LinkedIn like promotion where he's,
he sits him doing his character saying like,
oh, my name's Conor McJohnson,
whatever his character's name is.
Me and my friends have a particular set of skills.
Skills like enhanced conversation.
And then they'll cut to like a clip from Taken
where they're like meeting people up.
Aerodynamic persuasion
and then throwing a guy out a window.
And then he goes on to say,
like, do you have a particular set of skills?
If you send in your LinkedIn profile,
a lucky winner will have me read their resume
to their prospective employers explaining
their particular set of skills.
He keeps saying particular set of skills.
For real?
Yeah.
It's pretty, it's pretty amazing.
Why don't we try that?
Why don't we get, get on that?
Go ahead.
Yeah.
That's what you're supposed to do.
Do it.
Get, get, get on LinkedIn and make a profile.
What is LinkedIn?
It's something that everyone outside LA uses.
I don't understand it at all.
It's job Facebook.
Which is as exciting as it sounds.
It's a resume.
It's like a, it's like the internet equivalent of
while someone's driving by you on a, on a, on a road,
throwing your resume through their back window.
So that they have it.
Except unless you're hiring a backseat person,
you're going to find it and be annoyed.
You're going to be like, who put this garbage in my car?
Or my inbox?
The cool thing about it is that I'll see every once in a while,
I'll get a LinkedIn profile, like a LinkedIn request from
somebody like, from like 12 years ago that was like a,
like a bigger shot than me.
And like now is like sending me their LinkedIn profile.
That's kind of cool.
It's, it's, it's like seeing them like, like, like, you know,
selling selfie sticks on a boardwalk or something LinkedIn.
I'm sure it's, I'm sure LinkedIn is, is great for people that I just,
I don't understand.
You know, so it helps you if maybe if you stain glass,
but you don't like to cut glass and you send your LinkedIn profile
out and there's some guy that's like, he only likes cutting glass,
but it doesn't know how to stain it.
I think that's the idea.
Did you enjoy your honeymoon?
Was it fun?
Yeah.
Because you guys run everywhere.
You guys were in Dublin and Paris and Venice.
Yeah.
I figured out why I love Dublin and Ireland.
Cause we went to like this Irish storytelling night.
Like it was a very touristy thing.
Like in this, in this bar, it was like you get a dinner and this lady
stood in front of a fireplace and told Irish stories and sang songs and stuff.
And it was really cool.
And she explained Irish history and it kind of dawned on me like listening
to the stuff, why I fetishize Irish cultures.
Cause they're, they're a European culture without, they didn't have a renaissance.
They don't, they don't have, they didn't participate in this rich people bullshit.
Like they're, they're, they're their own little, little thing.
Like they don't, if you go back in their history, any other like European culture,
it's like, if you go to their museums or whatever, there's going to be some
like red suspenders at some point, like, or some like fancy pointy shoes
or like a windmill hat or something like, like, oh, and then we did this.
So this is what we're famous for.
He could do it to do.
Like, like, like, look at us.
Like we look like flower people are like, like, like, like we got, we got perfume on our,
on our, on our, on our, on our face.
What country is that?
The one I just described.
Like all of them except for Dublin, you know, like I, I, I, all the country of Dublin.
I thought, I thought, I thought you said city.
The, the, the, the, they're just, they're just poor potato people.
They just grew with the potato.
They just, they're just, they're just dirty little people.
And they, and they had to, they, they, they, they, they.
I wish, I wish that was inflammatory enough for you to get letters about that.
No, they don't care because they've been dirty potato people.
They're fine with that.
They don't care.
They, they, they have a great sense of humor.
They know they're not affected.
I think, I think everybody cares about you when you call them dirty little people.
You're wrong.
I, we, we had our Irish friend, Gremlin, I had here last, last, last a couple of weeks ago.
That dirty little guy.
Shut up, madam.
If, if you told him, I, I called Irish people dirty little potato people.
Not on Twitter though, out of context.
Don't.
But, like, he, he, like, yeah, that's, that about sums it up.
You said it, you said it in context though.
You, you called Irish people dirty little potato people.
Yes.
And so they're, they're, all of their songs and poetry and literature and things like
they're, they're not, they don't come out of any kind of nobility or anything.
It's kind of like, it's very nice.
They didn't really, they didn't really dawn on me until I was, until I was really learning
about it over, over mashed potatoes.
They still love potatoes over there too.
That their, their, their civilization exploded because of the potato.
The potato became a thing like that they could do and they, they, they grew, they grew in
population quite a bit.
And then of course there was the potato blight and then like things got real bad for them
and you know, the rest is history.
Can you sing a little Irish song for us about it?
That's, that's what she would do.
She would go like, oh, and there's a, there's a, one of the fairies of, of, of the, of the
potato patch was the shin lanan.
The shin lanan was a lovely woman or take the form of a very seductive lady.
And she would come a call in when the things and blah, blah, blah.
And then, and then there's a song about her.
She know you.
Well, that doesn't sound right.
She sounded beautiful.
I bought her CD.
That's how beautiful she sounded.
I don't even have a CD player.
I just, I just bought it because I'm like, make more music.
I don't know.
Keep making it.
There's a, there's a fairy of the potato patch?
No, I made that all up.
There's, no, there's a, that was one of the coolest things about Irish folklore was the,
the fairy, I don't know, it's the idea of fairies.
Like we, we all, you know, have our understanding of fairies, like the tinkerbells and the whatnot.
They're always, for us, they're always small and they always have insect wings.
And they have like, you know, like, you know, there's a very specific fairy, like kind of image we get in our head.
But, but, but the word fairy originally just meant it was like, it's just kind of these crazy like magical beings that are kind of one foot in, one foot out.
Like as a, you know, as pre Christian mythology that got a Christianized, but like the way that they Christianized it was to say that when Lucifer,
Lucifer went down from heaven into hell, there were, there were a bunch of angels, you know, who were like totally like hail Lucifer,
I'm going to go with them right away.
And then there were like the angels that were like fuck Lucifer, I'm going to stay, stay up here.
But then there were like the kind of like, I don't know, I'm going to see where the action is.
Kind of wandering downward.
And then there was like an angel that went to God and said, come on, give those guys a break.
Don't, don't make them go all the way to hell.
And then God like snapped his fingers in at the exact moment, you know, when he, when he called, you know, it's like play it where it lays.
So some, some, some angels were like, you know, in the ocean and somewhere in a rock and somewhere like had half of their head in a flower and their foot in a, you know, a pork chop or something.
So, so like that's the kind of fairy you are, you know, like you're the, you're, you're, if you're, if you're going to pork chop for a foot and then like a, like a flower for a hand.
And then, but it's just like, you know, their fairies are like, they could be monsters.
They're like Cinnabites.
They're, they're angels to some and demons to the two others.
And a leprechaun is one of those.
A leprechaun is a fairy, Jeff.
Did you know that?
I did not.
What, what do they call the one that has half a foot in a pork chop?
That's, I don't, that's a sin fire.
Did you enjoy Venice Italy?
How was that for you?
Did you know, did you know a banshee is also a fairy?
I did not know.
They're all fairies.
Every, every monster you could name, werewolves or fairies.
I made that up.
How was, how was Venice for you?
Do you enjoy that?
Venice was cool.
I got to walk around Venice like by myself on Christmas Eve.
It was crazy because I didn't even realize until the daylight,
like how crowded that city can get in the winter.
It's pretty dead, which is why Peter Weller recommended it in his architecture blog,
which Aaron read.
The reason we went to Venice is because Aaron read this article by Peter Weller,
who is not only Robocop apparently, but is also a PhD in like Renaissance architecture.
It's a huge history in that, yeah.
And is arguably like more into like Renaissance architecture than being into Robocop.
I don't, like, but, but like, we were joking about,
because in the article he talks about why you should go to Venice in the winter,
why it's so beautiful.
And, you know, so Aaron booked all this travel based on this like article that he wrote.
And we did, we went, we're going to a lot of the places that he recommended
and we kept joking like, I will probably run into Peter Weller.
But so we finished dinner on Christmas, Christmas day.
Was it, was it Christmas, was it Christmas night?
And yeah, finished dinner and went down to get our coats and we're putting on our coats
and like this kind of coat room and then in walks Peter Weller.
No.
Yeah.
And like, just froze.
And Aaron looked at me like gave me this look that was like silently communicating like,
like, should I?
And I'm like, yeah, fucking go for it.
Like, because I'm not going to talk to him like about like,
I'm not going to go like dead or alive.
You're coming to Venice.
Like, all I'm going to talk about is Robocop.
Talk to him about fucking this bullshit you read him about.
And she's like, excuse me.
I'm sorry.
We, we, we read, we read your article about about Venice in the winter.
And he's like, no, you're here.
He kind of held his hands out like, and the amazing thing is you have to,
you have to understand like Peter Weller like while the beautiful Christmas miracle.
This is like fucking Peter Weller.
But while he's, while he's talking to us, people are, he's speaking in Italian to these,
you know, people who are putting his winter clothes back on him.
And so as he's speaking to Aaron about Venice, he's becoming this old Italian man because
like the cape and the scarf and the hat are going on.
So it's like, like, like kind of like Robocop kind of came in and it was like,
and then it talked to, and then he slowly became like, you know, I don't know,
he just started, like, he became like one of those cool old guys that walks through
like an Italian city like, like, like at night, like looking at a pocket watch
and eating a, eating a panini.
But, but, so, so he just, he just talked to Aaron for like, you know, 15 minutes or so
about like, like how cool Venice is and why he wrote that article and
I just, I just sat there and stared like, yeah, that's it.
That's all, that's, you know, if Aaron's got a different version of that story, but
I love that.
It was pretty, it was pretty amazing.
It was like, this is a really magical thing.
Like when you, when you, when something like that happens, you kind of like,
you kind of, you kind of gather, gather it up in a little jar and you kind of like
just want to run out like right away, but you make it last as long as you can.
You try not to, you know, overkill.
Like when she was kind of like ran around the corner and we're like skipping,
going like, he's right behind us.
He's right behind us, but like, gotta, gotta get somewhere safe so we can like
just crack up and like roll around on the cobble, like, like, like freaking out.
Like how, like, like repeating every, every, every word.
That's so good.
He had a purple cashmere scarf.
It had to be a gift.
Like, like, it looked, it looked so odd.
I think someone gave him a purple cashmere scarf.
He might have bought it for a dollar.
Adam, let's do it.
Wow.
I'm sad that I got that joke.
Do you ever see the new RoboCop?
No.
Yeah, I saw it.
Did they, did they stick with a new outfit or did they, they redid the outfit?
Did they redo it?
Yeah.
Yeah, and they make a point of redoing it?
Like, like, they have a scene where a guy goes like, you should make it black.
I don't understand what they were doing.
I don't get it.
I don't like it.
I don't like, I don't like it.
I did some terrible, terrible movie that never, never was released with Kurt Wood Smith
and he was in it, we'd never worked together.
And he sat in front of me at the screening and it was so bad.
And I just, I was freaking out because RoboCop, Kurt Wood Smith was in front of me.
And at the end he grabs me, I was dead on page 40 and at the end of the movie he grabs me
by my collar, by my tie and pulls me towards me and goes, boy, did they kill you too early.
I got out where the getting was good.
Cabin Times, what was that called?
It was called Cabin Times.
Well, it wasn't Cabin Fever because that's a thing, right?
It was called...
It's something Cabin.
No, it's not Cabin.
Deadly Cabin.
I wish it was called Deadly Cabin.
It's called Evil Remains.
Oh, Evil Remains.
Colin, it's Cabin Time.
It took place in a cabin.
There was a cabin for certain.
I've never seen that one.
Don't.
It's a horror movie and I went to the screening of it and Kurt Wood Smith was in front of me
and the other actors in the film and they brought a bunch of people into the Lemley Theater
like in the Sunset Boulevard thingy, whatever the fuck it is.
And it's so bad.
I think the audience thought it was a comedy and so then they just started laughing to the whole thing.
But it's not a comedy either.
But nobody thought it was scary either.
So it became a comedy and we were just sinking down into our seats.
And it was really bad.
Really, really, really bad.
Well, all right, let's see what else we got here.
I ran into a kid in Paris that learned English from watching Community and Sopranos.
Can you do an impression of what that would be like?
Well, no, I mean, there's no, you know, what do you, like he would say, bada-bada-boom, a pop-pop or, you know.
Met about it.
And there was another kid there and he had this, well, whatever.
No one's interested in that.
No, I've told it like three times and no one cares.
There was this other French kid that showed up.
And he had an app on his phone that he showed me.
I just thought it was kind of interesting because it's like, I don't know.
Foreign people, we don't know anything about them.
What are they doing?
Like how could your show that you write had never having been outside of the country, you know, how could it ever be appealing to like, you know, like people who don't speak the same language when they're in grade school.
Did he watch it in French or in English?
Well, I think they watch it in English.
Like I said, one of them would watch it with French subtitles on first and then change them to English subtitles and then eventually turn the subtitles off.
That's something they do there.
They're so steeped in English, like, you know, more so than we are steeped in French, that it's a little, it's a little more natural for them to be able to do that.
But rest assured, we are a lazy bunch.
I really am.
I can't, I can't, I can't just, I can't do it.
Like, I can't, like, like Aaron, Aaron knows definitely more French than me.
But like, also, I think there's this crucial thing where it's like, there's just a shamelessness of like, you have to, you can't, you can't like, you have to like just be willing to speak wrong in order to ever successfully speak to someone who speaks a different language.
You can't be like this held up by this, like, like, there's just fear that like seizes me.
You know, you just end up going like, oh, oh, oh, bonjour.
Le bacon.
Like, like, le bacon.
Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry.
Good day.
The bacon.
But, but Aaron would kind of like slide, you know, slide into the French Uber and just be like, and the driver would be like, huh?
But, but, but then like a couple minutes later, he'd be like, are they both doing a bit or they're like talking to each other about stuff.
And then Aaron, Aaron got like bronchitis.
She thought she might have pneumonia, so she got up in the middle of the night, she's like coughing up a lung and she got on the phone.
And then she's like, I can't do an impression of it because it's like fluent French.
I know she's like speaking to somebody about getting a doctor.
Like she called somewhere in Paris, like a regular person trying to get a doctor.
And it was like, oh, it's just we train a lot.
Like, what the fuck?
Jesus Christ, she's speaking French about dying and being sick and stuff.
Because it was like she took out sticks and made a fire.
And then she puked at very size.
Well, I think we'll let her tell that story.
Yeah, I mean, you know, what else am I going to talk about?
Who cares, right?
I want to bring up my honeymoon wife, Erin McGathy.
Did you guys do it French style?
You kiss both cheeks?
We didn't.
I don't know.
You healthy again?
I am.
Just recently, though, I still have a little thing in my throat.
And today I did it like a Channel 101 pilot and there was an older woman there.
This actress who was brought in who I don't think knew anybody.
And I coughed and like she had done some very nice women,
but she had done some like very like six seeming things earlier that made me kind of worried about her health.
Like there was a fog machine and she said, Oh, is something on fire?
And I said, Oh, no, that's that's a fog machine and it's just it's just vapor.
And she was like, OK, OK, don't want anything to be on fire.
And I was like, yeah, no one does great.
But then 10 minutes later, she she looked at me like she was looking through the pizza.
Also, she was like examining the pizza, which is strange.
But she had eaten pizza and was just looking seeing all the pizza.
And then she looked at me and she said, Is something on fire?
And I was like, Ha, ha, ha, ha.
She was like, Is something on fire?
No, it's a fog machine.
It's vapor.
And she was like, OK.
But then five minutes later, I coughed and she said, You need to get some help.
So I guess I'm still a little sick.
Yeah, you know, you don't sound that good.
Like in bed at night.
Oh, no, we sleep we sleep together.
But we're not always sleeping.
Right, because she keeps coughing.
Well, then why don't you start living?
Yeah, no, I got I was very, very sick and I was very proud of myself for calling the French doctor.
And the French doctor came and gave me prescribed me some antibiotics and they made me violently ill.
And I threw up in Versailles after doing a ton of research and trying to convince him to go.
And it was very self-righteous about how great I am about enjoying historical things.
And I threw up right on history and was ushered out, escorted out while the tour continued.
And I just slept.
Oh, I didn't tell you this because I was very ashamed and I thought you'd be embarrassed.
But when I was escorted out, I was so sick.
And you know, when you're sick, you want to put your face up against something cold.
And so I was lying in the courtyard of Versailles with my face just on the stone.
Literally like behind the golden gates where we were the sixteenth for summary internet and the people of France looked in wanting to be there.
Because that's what the French Revolution is, right?
I'm just kidding.
Anyway, I was lying on the ground at Versailles, but put my very fancy coat over me so people didn't think I was homeless and it worked out.
Homeless people hate insulation.
Well, I was just like, well, I mean, because I definitely looked like there was something wrong, but I was on the inside of the gate.
So I clearly bought a ticket, but people don't usually lie on the ground with their face on the stone or Versailles.
So you put your coat over yourself so that people just thought you were a corpse?
Well, I put it over my shoulder and then I had my little guidebook so it looked like I was kind of doing something.
I was very sick. You know, when you position yourself in a sleeping position, when you have to sleep and you want people to think that you're doing it on purpose, it was that kind of thing.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Well, have you ever tried to fake sleeping in an educational situation?
Like, you mean like putting your head down?
Yeah, like in school you're sleeping, you have your hand on your face and just your head down and then a book and you learn how to hold a pen while you're sleeping so it looks like you're doing something.
I'm just glad you didn't make me go.
You didn't go?
No, I don't.
You said you don't. You're like, why would I want to go to some guy's house?
And the only answer is, oh, this guy was really rich.
No, I'm not going to have this argument.
He told everybody what to do.
Yeah, yeah, that's so stupid.
So you didn't go?
No, I'm not going to go to Versailles.
Also hates Paris.
Why is it so absurd because it's like we cut their heads off, like we hated them.
We didn't do that.
We being modern people, we turned our back on the idea of all that shitty fucking.
Yeah, well, I wasn't going because I was like, the way they did the wallpaper.
Yes, shoot.
That's exactly why people go.
No, that's not why people go.
I'm walking through and I'm like, oh, this is where the royal court met for the last time when they said,
you know, Louis XIV and Marie Antoinette, you have to stay here.
You have to stay hostage because we have this big list of people who are going to be beheaded.
And there are these moments, so many moments.
And Marie Antoinette is Austrian and she's 14 years old and she's married right away.
And she goes into her room and she's like, ah, this is this is my life.
And my life is perfect.
And my life is or my life is my life is terrible.
Oh, so many dresses and she has no idea what's going on.
And you get to be in these halls or people have been.
I mean, I care more about that stuff, obviously.
Do you think Peter Weller would have enjoyed that?
Well, of course.
Yeah, yeah, that's what I mean.
That's the amazing thing about Peter Weller is he's he's part Dan, part Aaron, all.
All purple scar.
He cares about architecture.
He was Robocop.
Yeah.
I mean, it's also it's also magnificent.
What did you do instead Dan that day?
At that.
Well, at that particular time, when she was at Versailles, I found a bar I could drink
in in Paris because it was a British themed bar.
So it was just made to be like a pub.
I can't like it's hard.
They don't have like a burgeoning cocktail culture in Paris.
They do.
I mean, I went to Paris for the first time.
I never I've never spent any time there like alone.
So I went there alone in the first week of December and I had friends there that are
these Parisian rock and rollers.
They're very cool.
And they kind of showed me around the first night and then it was on my own.
And I kind of like I kind of failed.
Like I wasn't like like doing anything cool.
I was seeing some sites went to went to see the museums and whatnot.
But like I was intimidated by the I don't speak any French except the how do you do
this and pleases and thank yous and stuff.
And I asked my friends like how come girls here just do not look at you?
Like as in New York a week before people like flirt with each other.
They make eye contact and they look at you and either have a fuck that guy or that guy's
good looking or they don't care.
In Paris girls are gorgeous.
Everybody's fucking skinny for some reason.
And they all they're all smoking and nobody makes eye contact.
And my friend who's from there he goes he's a girl in Paris.
If she looks at you one time that means she is very interested in you.
If she looks at you a second time that means she is going to fuck you.
And I said I didn't get the fucking first look yet.
And then the last day I was there I went to this fancy cake place.
Like a gteau something you know like a what do you call it?
Ptisserie.
And really fancy place.
I found out a way to get French girls to look at you.
Walk around with a really nice box of cake.
I had a white box of gold lettering and girls just like turning their heads.
They want to know what's in that fucking box.
So did you.
So if they're...
Oui.
So I went to a club one night and there was on the carpet this place is called Che Castel.
And the carpet is all dicks, pussies and tits.
Ornate carpet if you look at it closely it's all this weird horny thing.
And down in the basement there's this piano.
And it was Serge Gainsbourg's old piano where he used to go play it kind of as his second home.
And there's a cigarette burns from his cigarettes on it.
I went there one night and there was nobody there.
On the last night I was there I met these people.
And they took me...
I went to La Peruse this place like right on the scene.
Which is like from the 1700s and like Victor Hugo used to go there.
And I just did my old experiment of just going to a place and posting up.
Sitting at one place all night long.
No one talked to me for two hours.
And at the end they're like they kick everybody else out but they go you can stay.
And then at the end they're like...
There was a girl there that I loved. She was so beautiful.
And she actually made eye contact with me.
And she was like the DJ there.
Or one of the DJs and they took me...
They're like you come to this club with us.
I go should I like meet you there?
And they go no, you walk with me.
And we went there and down in the basement.
Where I'd been before.
Now it's filled with people smoky. People playing piano.
Girls start taking their shirts off.
And guys lighting cigarettes with them.
They're dancing with their shirts off.
It was so fucking French I couldn't believe it.
They're lighting the women on fire?
No, no.
There was a girl. She took her shirt off.
She's laying on the piano and a guy that she doesn't know.
There's a picture on my Instagram.
And this guy is a really good looking guy.
Lights a cigarette and puts it in her mouth.
And on my Instagram she's like who is that guy?
They all took me to this party afterwards.
Where there was three girls.
The girl who was one of the DJs.
And these two guys in this crazy house.
It was like if MC Escher and Frank Geary
made a really gay Parisian house together.
Stairways that went nowhere.
You have a push on a wall and the whole thing opens up.
And some floors are glass.
You can see down to the bathroom.
Or you can see through to that room.
You can't see into that room.
You can look from one room into another.
And the top floor is one giant bed.
And I get up there and they go,
one of the girls goes, Jeff, you are gay, no?
And I said, no.
I ripped my coat off, ripped my jacket off,
ripped my tie off.
And all of them took their fucking shirts off
and started making eye with me.
How is the pastry?
Huh?
And then, so while that's happening,
this guy comes up.
This guy named O'Reilly Austin.
He comes up and he lays down
like 15 feet away from us, lays down sideways
and smoking a cigarette.
And one of the girls in France is like,
like, O'Reilly Austin, do you want to come and join?
And he goes, no.
And just sat there smoking and digging it.
Wait, he was just...
He wanted to watch.
So a couple nights ago, there's this...
I was telling the story to some friends of mine.
And because our friend from France was showing up,
his famous hairdresser from Charlie LeMindu,
he does like Lady Gaga's hair.
He's like a super duper famous French hairstylist.
And he shows up and I just told the story.
And I said, you know La Peruse?
And he goes, yeah, I do a night show once a month.
I promote the night there.
I go, oh, I was just telling them about this girl.
And he goes, was it Amre?
I go, yeah.
And he goes, yeah, she rapes all the men.
It was fucking French.
And my car came at 8.30.
They had written all over me.
I had writing on my arm and on my face and my neck and my shirt.
They kept writing on me like this is the back of the pocket square.
And I got to the airport and I was just covered in writing.
And the French guys at the airport seemed to like,
that was just another day of the office for them.
It does get very French in Paris.
It does.
It's like these French have got a different word for everything.
We were there on New Year's Eve and in this,
I had some friends that we ran into from New York
and we were in this club at like up until 5 a.m.
And when we walked in there, we were like, oh, cool, cool club.
And it was all red and the music, the music's terrible.
Paris?
Well, I mean, I'm sure not, not across the board,
but where we were, it was pretty bad.
It was like a, whatever the, what it's called,
when you type it words into a website and then it gives it back to you.
Translation?
Yeah, like a translator, but what you want to say.
Like a Stephen Hawking, like automated.
I know there are many obvious words that I'm forgetting.
Anyway, we were in this place where this DJ was typing words into like
some sort of like child's toy or a deaf person's toy
and was playing it with like a heavy beat underneath
and everyone was really into it.
Except for the deaf people.
Ironically, even though their life is a game.
We, we, we,
This is the one, the one time.
I mean, it's a choice.
But I, we're at the door and I speak very, I speak very little French,
but it was at the door and like spoke enough French to the guy
that somehow like we got into this club that was like a private party
and everyone's dancing and then everyone's making out
and then people are taking people's faces and saying,
no you make out, no you make out.
Like we're not a part of this. Like we're very obvious.
We're just watching all of this happen.
But every, everyone is, there's this, just this very free energy
and it started when I was like, are we at like a very special free club?
But I think it's just like a French thing.
But the height of it was when a guy came downstairs who looked like
A jolly old elf.
And he had this sack full of presents.
Like when you, when you watch, if you were to watch a 70,
a biopic about a very famous hairdresser from the 70s,
this would be that guy.
He came down wearing a beret, which they, they do.
They really, well it was crazy.
Like it just seems so on their nose.
They actually, they do wear berets.
They wear berets.
I actually, I heard one totally non-Iranic, ooh la la.
I went to McDonald's and they said bon appetit.
And I was like, ah!
They just, they just laughed.
Wait, wait, I have a question.
Why did you go to a fucking McDonald's in Paris?
Oh, well because everything was, was, we, we,
we went because the kids that Dan met at that bar were talking about it
like it was the most amazing restaurant in the world.
And we just, I just thought, I thought it was funny.
I did it.
The kids call it Macdo.
But anyway, this guy, the guy's wearing, the guy's wearing this beret
and he comes down, he comes down into this dance floor.
And this club, this club is called Bonnie and Clyde
and it's in the Pigalle and it's like the cool like hipster club.
And the, the bathroom was crazy.
The bathroom was crazy because you like wait in line for the bathroom
and you, you get to where like it would split off into like
men's or women's or two stalls or three stalls.
There's one stall that has a door and then there's like a trough
or urinal, but it's like right there.
So if you're standing in line and a guy just has to pee
like he'll stand there and pee.
But the more shocking thing about this, it became,
if you were a man who had to shit, you had to wait for this other thing.
And I learned very quick, like I learned a lot of French for,
I, I am so sorry.
I am going to shit before you.
Anyway, this guy comes down with a parade.
Then you would take someone's butt and go like,
now you shit over here and you pee, you pee in his shit.
No, it was, it was just weird because like, I mean,
it was weird for a second.
But when I say weird, I mean, it was, it was actually like this,
this really like neat human moment where it was like,
yeah, we're all in this together.
Like knowing when a man has to shit, but then also the women
get to maintain this mystery of like,
you don't know what's going to happen in there for me.
But like for a man, like it's like,
I poop will be coming out of my butt.
And that is why I am waiting in this line and
poop will come out of my butt before you do whatever mystery
you'll do in there.
Anyway, this guy came down.
You guys had a very different Paris experience than I had.
This guy had a beret and a cape and came to the middle
of the dance floor and a cape, a long cape and,
and not, not heels, but men's heels.
Like when you see pictures of, of like restoration heels,
like French restoration heels, like they were clearly men's
shoes, but he was wearing heels and just started very
sincerely voguing.
And I, I was looking around at every, no, no reaction,
no reaction.
And it was amazing and beautiful.
And like he saw me looking at him and then was like,
all right, this is the time when I do this,
when I do this for you.
And I just sat there while this man voked for me.
While you're waiting to take a shit?
No.
This is in the, yeah.
This is in the, this is in the dance, the dance room.
All right.
Well.
Ah, Kelly.
Yeah.
Dan, Dan, thumbs up, thumbs down on Paris.
What do you, do you like it?
I'm not a Paris man, but, you know, I was,
I wasn't a New York man for, for several New York visits.
And then Dino showed me the, the, the Dino side of New York.
And now I love New York.
I, someone will have to, you know,
Paris is very intimidating to me.
It's, it's, it's for, for no, for, I'm absolutely of no,
like, like, I, I don't funnel my fear of Paris into me going,
oh, Paris is shitty.
I think the deal with Paris is,
if I could totally make a bunch of sweeping generalizations
and speculations is that, like, even though it's a city
that everyone on the planet wants to go to,
unlike other cities that everyone on the planet
wants to go to, they have, they've refused to succumb
to the tourist industry.
They, they're the tourist culture.
Like they all know English, but they,
that's where you get that, that, that stereotype of like,
well, you have to try speaking French,
otherwise they don't like you.
I, I finally got that when I was there.
It was like, I think I'm putting myself in their shoes.
It was like, oh, suppose you're, suppose you're Paris
and you just want to be New York.
Like, like people in New York don't bend over backwards
for people that don't speak English.
Yeah.
Like, like, in my experience, like going to Italy,
people like throw their arms around you as a stranger
and some, and also Paris is not all of France.
Like South of France is very different than being in Paris,
where people, like, it's more provincial and it's less,
like, in Paris people are busy.
They got shit to do.
And also being an American doesn't charm them.
That's not enough on its own to be interesting to them.
They got shit to do.
I went to go buy a razor because I left my razor in New York
and I went to a very busy, like, drug store
and I found the razor.
And I was hoping that I could just walk up,
put the razor on the thing.
She would type it up.
I would see a number.
I would overbid on Euros.
She would give me a lot of change and that would be the end of it.
And she goes, she rings it up.
I put the money.
She goes, I don't know.
And she's like, why not?
In perfect English.
I go, I don't speak French.
And she goes, like, why?
And I said, one phrase I know.
I said, j'espre qu'en jeu je parlerai bien en franais.
Like, one day I hope I can speak French well.
And she goes, en jeu?
Like, one day.
Like, you're fucking, you're here now.
I go, lady, give me the fucking razor.
And she fucking died laughing.
Like, she loved it.
Like, they'll give you shit.
You can give them shit back.
I'm like, I had you said I hope
I go, one day I'll speak French well.
And then she was giving me shit back.
They're not mean.
They just got shit to do.
And I think they're quite charming now.
I think it's a city that people go to
to have like fantasies and dreams and things.
Like, like, but it's not, like...
Like Barfing and Versailles.
Like when you go to Venice,
every other building is either a hotel or a Paris store.
It's obvious that, like, there's not, obviously tourism is, like, it's infused to the culture.
Like, if you're gonna roll your eyes at the idea that you have visitors, then you're an
idiot as a Venetian, I think.
Like, the die is cast for them.
And for Paris, they're like, look, I understand that you're an awaking dream, because of the
Eiffel Tower's over my shoulder, but I got shit to do, and I'm not being a prick to
you.
Like, when you wander into my bar, and you're kind of like, you know, you're just in a different
mindset as a tourist, you're like, like, oh, like, you're off work, you're not working.
And it's, yeah, whatever, we've beat this horse dead, but it's, I think there's just
cities that make that choice, like, it's a binary thing, almost, they go like, okay,
let's face it.
I think there'll be a trip for you.
People are coming here to visit.
I could see you liking it, because I think that's kind of the great thing about it, because
I think that the turn off about the touristy stuff, obviously, is like, the selfie stick,
you have to buy the selfie stick, take the selfie stick, but it's kind of neat to just
kind of...
If I got comfortable, it would be, yeah, several, several visits, whatever.
What I was blown away by is I had that box of cake, and I went to a little cafe and said,
like, near the Eiffel Tower, I asked a waiter, is it okay if I eat this here?
And he's like, only if you share with me.
He wanted it in that fucking cake box.
I had two little cakes.
This is the story that blew Jeff away.
The story where he went into a sex dungeon.
I know he didn't say it, but time travel was applied.
So I just like that the cursor to that, the cake story, was, this is what blew me away.
This is what blew you.
You were at the airport, and it said, like, whore on your forehead.
You should write a new manual for men to replace the gay, which is such a pile of bullshit.
Just called the box of cake.
And we can just see men carrying around beautiful boxes of cake.
What's the museum where all the, like, the Lizen Valides, where all the Napoleon's tomb
is, where all the armory and all that shit is.
I walked in there, and then I went, I didn't finish all the cake, and so I went into the,
you sat at Napoleon's grave with the cake, and Napoleon was like, oh, you're going to
share that with me.
I was in Napoleon's tomb with my half-eaten cake, and then I had the box, and then I went
across the road to the Muse Rodin, and I wanted to see the statue of Honor de Balzac.
I walk in there, and these two security guards come charging at me, and I'm assuming they're
going to go, you can't bring food in here.
And they're like, what is this?
And I open it up and show them, and I was like, is it okay?
And they're like, one guy's like, no, it's okay, you can bring food into the thing.
And then the guy's like, no, no, you have to give it to me.
I was like, for two euro, you walk into the fucking Muse Rodin gallery, and you're out
in the fucking garden, and there's a fucking Le Pencero, there's this thinker by Rodin,
and I'm fucking eating my cake, and no one gave a shit, like you couldn't bring cake
into a museum in the States, it was the best.
And then girls walk by in the smoke, and they fucking want to know about that cake.
Was this cake made out of diamonds?
It did, oh, it's so good.
Come on, you guys, we keep a tight schedule on this show, and we got important shit to
talk about with Spencer Crittenden, bring him out.
Hey guys, you know, wouldn't you believe it, I read a fucking article about men carrying
cakes in public, and it's a great way for men to get the female experience of always
having eyes on them, you know, because men aren't traditionally stared out by everyone,
whereas women are, and it's really hard to kind of fathom that experience of all this
constant attention, but when a man is holding a cake, they get all that attention.
Are you on PCP right now?
His mic's just a little up, I think, but wait, doesn't this imply that all women are
Kathy?
No, no.
Did you say you read an article?
Did you really?
Oh yeah, yeah, I read an article.
I love that.
Yeah.
Are you being glib, or did you really read an article?
Why would I make up an article that I read?
No, this lady, she was like, it's probably really hard for, you know, guys to fathom
what it's like to always be contemplating, you know, gazes on you, and to how that changes
your behavior and just the way you hold yourself and the way you walk, and then her partner
just was, by chance, carrying a cake, and noticed that everyone was staring at him,
and they talked about it, and she made this not exactly scientific test where she got
guys to carry various baked goods in public, and like, a plate of cookies, you know, nothing,
nothing, an exposed cake, oh boy, look out.
Like a birthday-style cake?
Yeah, like on a stand.
Do you think it's, well, does the article talk about, is the idea because it's, because
of the psychological ramifications, the mystery behind it, or is it because everyone just
wants that cake?
I think that they said it was, it was part of that, it was both, it was, some people
wanted the cake and wanted to make jokes about getting the cake, and other people seemed
like they just wanted to wait for someone to drop the cake.
Well, a lot of times, when men look at women that they want to fuck, it looks like they
want to eat them.
Yeah.
So, it's comparable.
I don't know if you guys, Dan, you don't strike me as a person that buys flowers.
9-11.
I love the idea of someone walking in for the first time, and being like, what the fuck
with them?
Celebrating night.
Dan actually buys flowers very frequently.
But if you walk down, walk down the street, like in a busy, like in New York, or Seattle,
or big town, walking down the road with flowers in your hand is aphrodisiac to everybody,
like everybody likes, people just like, oh, that guy thought about somebody else.
I was my diet's cheat day yesterday, and I went to a Froyo place, and I got the biggest
bucket they had, and I filled it a quarter of the way through, and then I put all peanut
butter cups, and then I filled it another half way through, and then I put all peanut
butter cups, and a little bit of crushed peanut butter cup, and then I filled it the rest
of the way through, and I was just walking through Los Feliz, with, like, it was obvious
that I wasn't, like, taking it to a family, yeah, it had one spoon in it.
Well, I went at the side of it, say, I said something like, just for me, you know, treating
myself today.
Yeah, special day, or something, I, I, I, I, I, I don't, I think it's a, it's a cousin
of the concept, because of the prop I was carrying, I did feel like all of this extra
meaning to every, I wasn't allowed to just be in, in, in a, in a, in a shell as I walked
past people, I wasn't allowed to just be anonymous, like I had this prop, and I, and so I was
a story to any, every, everybody in every window, it was like, yeah, laugh it up, laugh
it up, you fuckers.
That's, that's just what boobs are.
Yeah, now you know how I feel, it's like I'm covered in frozen yogurt, all the time,
in candies, um, so, so, so, I say in the Garfield dress.
So, I mean, like, I, I, I, I, I, I don't know what's happening to me right now, um,
the, uh, the, I, I wanted to, uh, we, we, we've been talking forever about, uh, you
know, the, the, the, like, trying a different game, from my childhood, my, my high school
days called Shadow Run, and, uh, and Spencer's been like reading the books, and like, I've,
I've seen him outside my, uh, writer's room, like, sitting there, reading the Shadow Run
books, getting very excited, uh, and you, like, like, we're not, we're not, we're not gonna,
we're not gonna play it tonight, but we're also not gonna play D&D, and we're, we'll
get, hey, fuck you people, if you, if you want to know how it feels to get that kind
of reaction, take up Treyah cookies, and wear them like a necklace, and then maybe you'll
start to get it, but they can't be oatmeal, because that's, it's the most masculine.
Yeah, um, the, uh, put, put, put a pickle behind your ear, like it's a pencil, and you're
like, uh, handy smurf, and then on the other ear, just dangle a piece of pizza.
Or wear a sign, wear, wear a sign, uh, around your neck that says, I forgot your cookies.
Right.
Yeah.
Your pencil was way too big to stay tucked behind that guy's ear.
It's like a giant ass, it's like a microphone-sized pencil behind his ear.
But you don't know how stiff smurf cartilage is.
It can't be that tough, like.
Can I, can I just point out very quickly that there's a man in the audience, uh, whose
laugh is identical to Judge Dooms laugh, Christopher Lloyd's character, and Roger Rabbit, right
after, when he's, when you find out he's a cartoon, and he's turning into a cartoony,
like has that maniacal laugh, Dustin Marshall, uh, pointed that out backstage a little bit.
Who's, how's that laugh go?
Like that.
Well, I don't want to do that, just, that's not what it sounded like, and that sounded
like I was making fun of you, but you're, that, like that.
Is it a good laugh?
Are you, are you enjoying this laugh, or are you, are you?
I mean, I, I mean, I've gone through at first, I was like, huh.
And then I, and then I was like, oh, and then I was like, oh, neat.
Okay, great.
We're all.
That's the truth.
Yeah.
Now I'm like, now I love it.
Now it's like being covered in yogurt, but my yogurt for my own in front of a mirror.
I'm not walking down the street, I'm in a room with mirrors and I just am seeing my
own yogurt.
Yogurt, yogurt's a lot grosser when it's not frozen.
Covered in my own sugar-free Greek yogurt.
Spencer, do you have either logic problems with the Smurfs besides the size of a handy
yeah.
I mean, there's just the one lady Smurf, right?
Yeah.
And they don't they lay eggs?
What?
Okay.
But you know, the lady Smurf was created by Gilgamesh.
What's his name?
That's even more.
Yeah.
Isn't that even Gargamel Gargamel.
Well, he took that from Gilgamesh.
It would have been would be impressive.
Did they come out of the mushrooms?
She was created by Hammurabi Smurf.
Where did it?
Did they come?
I don't know.
I know they're three apples high.
But didn't they?
Are they?
What?
Yeah.
They're supposed to be three apples tall.
Those are giant fucking mushrooms.
Then they look like they could be easily crushed underfoot, but three apples, man, those are
huge mushrooms.
Yeah, they're up to your knee.
You can tell from the Pac-Man cartoon that they definitely ripped off Smurfs like they
had a Gargamel figure.
I can't remember.
What was his name?
Mesmeron?
Are you sure?
The Pac-Man doesn't pre-date?
The Pac-Man cartoon?
Oh, the cartoon.
I didn't like the Pac-Man had hands and feet and had gloves on for some reason.
Well, what's he supposed to do?
What's the cartoon supposed to be?
I'm not a rhetorical question, but what would that cartoon be?
He's just floating in space and he's like, well, I ate one dot.
Time to eat another one.
Like, how do you get 100 episodes out of that?
Like, what do you do at Christmas?
He had to have gloves.
You have a ton of dots.
Yeah.
They weren't just gloves.
They were kind of gauntlets.
He had big, fancy gloves.
Cartoons always seem to be wearing gloves.
Yeah.
Because hands are scarier.
You could just draw the hands.
The hands are like nature's gloves.
Lights the glove.
And then you could not have the little wristy part of the glove and you'd have a hand.
I didn't realize until we were creating a...
The hand fills out the glove shape perfectly.
That's why it's that shape.
Sorry, sorry.
Well, I bet I know why they wear gloves, maybe because the old days like cell animation,
like the color, when you were, the way you made things move is by putting like transparency
on top of transparency.
There was always like a color differentiation between things that are moving and things
that are static.
So making sure that anything that's going to be moving a lot is like a different color
than the thing next to it, maybe, is like a good idea.
Just a thought.
Right.
So if it...
Of course, because we all grew up on animation, but I'm saying, you're saying what I'm saying
though, right?
Is that because it's a different cell, because we've all seen those like Scooby Doo cartoons
where it's like, they're walking by a mountain and you're like, gee, I wonder if there's
a secret door there, because it's like, you know, it's going to move.
So it's like different color, different, just slightly different shade, because it's
like through the...
Did I tell you guys I was...
I drove with an Uber driver who was like a he-man, the second biggest collector of
he-man cells.
The second biggest?
Second biggest.
I love that he knew he was the second.
I was like, who's the first?
And he knew his name.
And I was like, are you...
Was he angry?
Yeah.
I was like, are you guys enemies?
He's like, no, no, we are.
I was like, he's like your cringer or whatever.
So anyways, I didn't know until we did Rick and Morty that you have to pick the number
of fingers when you do a...
You know, Justin, I had to sit down and Justin's like, okay, it's time for the finger conversation.
How many fingers are human beings going to have?
And the thing was like, well, fucking five, motherfucker.
And he's like, well, take it easy there, cowboy.
Five fingers runs into money.
Like the Simpsons have four fingers, don't they?
Anyway, it's weird.
It's like 25% more fingers you have to draw.
It adds up.
I mean, this budgetary minded stuff.
Yeah.
Well, yeah.
Yeah, I'm not...
Garfield has four.
Spencer, have you played Shadowrun before?
No.
What are your impressions off the bat of Shadowrun?
It's a great system.
You don't believe that.
I believe that.
The Shadowrun universe is...
It sure is, Dan.
We'll be right back.
Squarespace, it helps you make your own website.
I'm here to talk about Bonobos.
It takes place in the dark future of mankind.
Corporations have taken over the government.
Mega corporations, Dan.
Imagine that.
But in addition to that, in addition to all that far-flowing future business where there's
all the hacking and the laser swords and the implants and the bionic things, there has
been an awakening, an awakening has happened along the way, in addition to the world going
to shit just for regular conventional reasons, there was an awakening where magic returned.
People started deforming, turning into trolls and elves and goblins and orcs and things.
And there's dragons and stuff that are, did I read correctly that there's a dragon that
gave an interview?
Yeah, that was Dunkels on, I think, from pronouncing that right, Dunkels on.
He became the first dragon president.
My mom's made a name.
It's true.
It's Dunkel.
It's a good name.
No.
Zahn means son.
Now, before we embark on this, are we saying goodbye to our D&D campaign for Dunkels?
Don't say goodbye.
I'm glad you asked.
Say good journey.
Oh, sorry.
Oh.
I know.
What does good journey mean, Dan?
Just a reference to the Dolph Lunger and He-Man movie from...
It doesn't.
Okay.
Dan's the third biggest collector of He-Man.
It's great.
If you actually look at a bird's eye map of Castle Grayskull, it's identical to Dealey
Plaza.
Yeah.
So, that's a great question, Jeff.
I'm glad you asked.
Thanks, President.
I don't really know the answer to that.
I feel like it's easy enough to put out.
I mean, we don't have to set our D&D stuff on fire.
That story's not done, obviously.
You don't know how I DM, then.
Oh.
Ooh.
good I can't I can't help you there I've never seen the show sorry sorry that
was a that was a misfire I guess no you have to do two more I know there's a
young lady young compared to me who's her 30th birthday tonight where would
you somebody tweeted me about their 30th birthday what are you here
are you do you do you do you want to do you want to be looked at do you do you
want to come up here and be like a piece of cake
what's your name you can say no by the way but no Laura okay you're coming up
okay Laura everybody all right then then I told you my fix on that song I have a
fix on happy birthday song you go happy birthday to you you go happy birthday to
you yeah then you can fucking move along hello Laura Laura you big Lakers man no
I Laura is wearing a purple sweater ready my sister actually pointed that
out that I look like a Lakers fan but no I don't like sports so are you from LA
I'm from Chicago and you pilgrimage down here up here down here okay over where
you didn't just come for Harmontown right you had you know you had Hollywood
signs to look at so my sister lives here too so but but yeah so look at Erin
skirt because it's amazing thank you are you are you scared to be old now you're
30 you look you look like you're 19 right 30s the new 19 I think you go through a
process when you're getting to that age and you kind of go through it when
you're like oh shit I'm 29 oh no and you you know get over I just turned 30 yeah
three weeks ago four weeks ago yeah we have the best audience of all time
that I fuckers are up for anything is there is there a wish that we could we
could help you with no um I've got a funny thing to tell if someone is like
is 25 years or younger I'm that yeah yeah yeah um who is John Bobbitt oh let
me tell you about John Bobbitt I don't know am I gonna learn when I'm 25 you'll
be taken to the woods and I'll tell you who John Bobbitt is to me he's the he's
the the most guaranteed comedy sports suggestion from from during the three
year period it's horrible a few years ago he did a porn did he do that 25
years ago no it's just a funny thing that a friend of mine pointed out that
anyone under like 25 does not know that story that's fascinating I want to know
why well what happened 20 like when people are talking about yeah I know
but when why why aren't they when were they because when you were when it
happened you were too young for your parents to tell you about a guy who's
dick it happened oh it happened like early oh 94 someone knows it and why
why was it notable it was just like a bit like a highly publicized like true
crime I read like six or seven stories about crazy mishaps involving penis
severings I mean I was in a mishap and we were she followed through sounds like
a mishap I heard about a woman I don't know where I heard this maybe this is a
thing everyone knows about or maybe something that just happened if someone
that I like a friend of a friend some a guy the woman didn't like him she was
mad at him and she superglued his dick to his stomach I think I think that was
dialogue from reservoir dogs that's what you're thinking of I don't know that
Harvey Keitel told sorry I well it's that's pretty interesting concept though
that you could stand that you can pick a random thing or not a random thing a
very decided thing because that's the thing you're looking for that there's a
there there's a there's a momentum to pop cultural zeitgeist and the John Wayne
bobbitt thing like the foam of that surf like stops just before the toes of
someone at a certain age I think that's very do you know about Nancy Kerrigan
and Tony Hardin let me tell you about Nancy Kerrigan wait was that figure
skating yeah yeah I my roommate watched a documentary about that that I was
listening to it's back in the news but how do you heard about it before the
documentary thing when I when I heard the incident I was like oh shit this was
big when I was like seven or something like I definitely heard echoes of it
but yeah I don't I don't really yeah doesn't it seem a little bit like and
maybe this is an illusion of we're in between them like I remember and the
last one I can remember is like Octo mom like everyone there's like when there's
when there's this thing that has no stakes to global society at all but it's
just like everyone's talking about it because it's just like when you focus
in on it it's it's everyone just wants to talk about Octo mom the the like it
seems like we've been we've been in this reverse oasis of our sandbar of like like
are those days over because I just be working too hard I mean they're there
a lot I'm not doing it that I mean they're they're a ton of like true crime
things that are constantly in the news that Casey Anthony was pretty I don't
think Octo mom's yeah crime thing though well she was like I don't know well
she I guess I mean I mean it does count because it's like relative to what
should be important to anybody it is one human life and it shouldn't it's like
yeah our decision to focus in on it yeah Casey Anthony was a thing I guess
those just pop up once in a while it just feels like we've been through this
patch right now it was just fucking like darkness darkness dark like this river
sticks of like like oh there's Bill Cosby's head floating I can recognize
that but like like like everything is just more over just kind of like real
like everything's kind of real right well and I didn't want to imply that the
Casey Anthony story was fun no no no it's not fun it's not hard to but but no
there's bigger fish to fry than 350 million people focused on one verdict
of one case to be sure so those there's like these things that pop up let's just
wonder it seemed like in the but I think that's how you remember time like if I
look back through the 80s I'll remember like all of those things these little
maples that we danced around and I won't remember like the lava flow of
actual society stuff just also like turns over so much more quickly that I
used to right now it's just like I did with every with every passing day it's
like I don't know where the tipping points are or where they've been but it
just it's like it seems like I was one of like either they're gonna invent some
phrase for it now or you can't even exist as a as an entertainment like kind of
person like you you have to make a decision in your life whether you're
gonna dip a toe in that river or not like you have to have a relationship with
it because it's like there's just too much available reality now you can't you
can't like there's there's a camera on everything everything is documented all
of the all of the goo is seeping up it's all available to us I could I could I
could tweet like like hey everybody like like we're gonna we're gonna have a
sock hop tomorrow night let's have let's let's we're gonna have a good old sock
hop and I know that somebody out of 350,000 people that are like like like
looking at that's I know that someone is gonna go that's a that's a little bit
of a bummer considering that someone got strangled by socks yesterday like or
the or that or that's you know socks like hashtag socks lotter like like like
like you know and I'll do a little googling and I'll be like you know what
come to think of it my relationship with the word sock doesn't need to change
like I fucked up it's it I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not being that that guy
that's going like like give me a break let me say what I want I'm saying and
I'm saying like the world is Irish people are dirty little people a dirty
little potato people I'm gonna get one of those I'm gonna get one of those mouth
swabs and mail it in so I can I can I hope I'm one of them I hope I'm one of
those dirty potato people what what is your hair you're lineage I don't know I
gotta find out I want to be a dirty potato person let's do it I'll get us
I'll get us some some time though they're my mind's pretty clear I'll get you a
swab yeah what do you what do you think you are you must know something I feel
like I must be pretty Irish but and then and then beyond that pretty Polish what
if you found out that you were straight-up 100% Parisian
you get a letter from the company and they're like mr. Harmon no no a knock on
the door sir we we've never done this before but we've never got a test back
that's so conclusive you are from this cafe they printed your father is Victor
Hugo let's say what I forgot the birthday girl's name Laura Laura let's
let's uh let's let's let's do that thing that we do for everyone's birthday
give me some vodka that a girl she asked me pour the gala drink Laura we
asked you do you have any wish fulfillment do you want to live in
a sense you just you're visiting here just visiting yeah you want to stay in
Chicago yeah I work for a non-profit there so I'm having a good time what do
you do I teach English as a second language and they help immigrants and
refugees adjust to life in Chicago wow a oh is there is there any don't cobble
her don't enable her there's too many people speaking English as a second
language I feel like where does it stop pretty soon it'll be taught as a third
language I feel like you're cheating at the oh god am I doing something that
really matters at 30 game I don't get paid very much if that makes anyone feel
better so all right well happy birthday Laura let's I don't know I'm bad at per
tradition as you walk back to your seat Dan is going to list every major event
that's happened in the last 30 years also spanking machine
which is a dad which we called Jeff's apartment
all right yeah for each of the 30 steps back to your seat I will I will
recount a the world in pictures
thank you Laura thank you thank you she walked so fast it's just a blur of
Bill Clinton it's all I remember did you say Bill Clinton is 1999 yeah all right
suspender shadow run late on us you guys are great at segues well what we have
to talk about is what kind of characters we would like to play yeah so yeah I mean
there's there's a way you guys got to make the characters so in general there's
kind of five roles the roles are kind of like classes but they're not really
there's not strictly classes and shadow runs so the first role is the face you
know he's the guy he's like Jeff Davis he knows people and he tells stories and
he talks and you know he's that guy he know you know that's a role yeah it's
whenever whenever there's a crew of people in a movie in a caper movie they
go to a guy who knows some people he's a face man that's the face yeah yeah
because because the words the the title of the game shadow run comes from the
idea that that in the future there's the corporations control like the world the
mega corporations they can have their own armies and they have their own law
and the world is kind of a mishmash of craziness and alliances and and stuff
and there's and there's these mercenaries that that dwell in the shadows
that can you know if you if you need something done and you can't do it
through legitimate channels like the a team you go you go to these people
shadow runners face man's an actual character from a team is there a it's
all it's like they can I be be a be a barack yeah you can he's a troll is it
in in shadow one is a troll yeah make the rules yeah okay so what else you got
the face man you got the troll you know trolls are a race Jeff you said there
weren't no races classes yeah there's no classes okay so the classes are what
sorry okay there's the face after the face there's what I hate to refer to as
the street samurai that's a simple essentially a guy who owns weapons yeah
they're they're the muscle you know sometimes they got rocket launchers
sometimes they just got swords and sticks and shit but they use them for
tasks street samurai street samurai so they're fighters with weapons yeah okay
then you got you got the Decker that's your hacker that's kind of like the the
whole thing about the future is instead of the internet they got the matrix and
the matrix is like this virtual overlaid world so like if I was looking in the
matrix I'd see like a virtual mic stand and like a virtual table and then it
would be all like this is a mic stand made by Sony corp and you know it's all
virtual reality sort of thing and then the Deckers they they hack that shit they
have these little portable computers that can do illegal stuff and they can
steal money and you know do hacking things gotcha like hackers would I don't
know they could disable your cyber eyes or something you know my cyber eyes yeah
if you have them that's a make-up car and shatter you can get cyber eyes lots
of people have like implants bionic implants yeah okay so we got we got the
face the street samurai the Decker the Decker then you got your rigor a rigor
is like a hacker but they work with vehicles and machines cuz in this far
flung you future people don't really know how to drive everything just kind of
drives automatically using this thing called grid guide which is essentially
like if you had to do what ways told you to so it's just like that and so no one
knows how to drive unless you like spent time learning how to drive and then the
advanced people are rigors where they can actually jump into the into the
internet and control vehicles from the inside like like go in and be the vehicle
and they also control drones which are robots and stuff so that's the rigor then
you got your magic users which are broken up into your shamans and your
sorcerers as well as your adepts and shamans are like you know they they
pray to spirits and that's where they get their magic and sorcerers they're
just wizards and shit and then adepts are like they're like people that are
really good at stuff in a magical way so like if you were if you could punch
through a wall that would because you're like magically strong but you couldn't
like shoot fireballs and stuff that's five right yep yeah yeah I have some more
questions about the adepts yeah like so so are you a certain kind of adept would
you be like I am like a muscly adept that punches through walls yeah like there
could be an adept who's like a master with the swordsman so like if you think
of a swordsman who could like slice a grasshopper in half with eyes closed
that would be like an almost magical level of skill or if someone could like
be so good at card games or shooting guns or something that it really you know
is it like shape-shifting without shape-shifting are you like absorb like you
get to absorb it's like it's like Neo in the matrix I would say I tried Adam I
tried I got one I tried to help you anyway yeah no adepts like adepts are
like there's a guy you know he's maybe an assassin and he's got magical abilities
that augment his assassin ship okay but maybe there's a better because the the
the like the the there's probably a permutation of of the class system that
allows for just about any kind of character you would want to be so it
kind of begs the question like what you know yeah so knowing what little I've
told you about the setting if you had a character concept that'd be a great
place to start so like if I was if I was in the world of shadow run I'd be like
the well-mannered nerd who knows enough but not enough to save his own ass or you
know like something like that you start yeah you start with like a tagline as
your character concept yeah you know
that's a character concept I wish you're a big fan of that movie Lucy I
remember that's my favorite movie ever the movies though the dumbest piece of
whatever but so exhilarating but ten minutes before the end of that movie
Aaron said god damn it why does this movie have to be ending I don't know
the last time that I felt that you wanted Scarlett Johansson to keep turning
into I just want to start improvising yeah I like her go through the ground and
then the earth she starts juggling the solar system and then eating it and then
quickly in that movie like they make the big deal in that movie which is like
Asian guys with guns like a totally no-stakes deal like it's about 20% of
her brain she can just make everyone in the world fall down right and then like
for another hour and a half after that it's like now what's she gonna do and
can she you can always make everyone fall down that thing you do where you
just kill the planet and then teleport about Aaron is saying is this movie
gonna end with her like taking the Sun out of the sky and throwing it at a
guy's Lucy you should check it out so the job of these shadow runners is like
they're kind of like guns for hire though the people that like yeah they do
illegal stuff the whole thing is okay there is this incident that happened
where the Native Americans they formed their own state and they stole nuclear
warheads and they're holding the whole world hostage and as a kind of a result
of that get Spencer really soon really quick when Spencer sent this email today
explaining all of this and then I had some questions about like the attitudes
towards the other races and in the email you see you said well you know like
everybody hates Native Americans and I thought that is not you that is not the
day that like your understanding of the world is that everyone it's Native
Americans and I was like holy shit and I would just like let it go but this is
it within the world that is not the diction I use I feel like Native
Americans have been getting a free ride in this country for too long no that's
not that's not what he no he didn't say anything about I thought I think use
those words exactly no no no everyone in the world of shadow run is racist
against Indians because you know they they they took the world hostage with
nuclear weapons okay and what like terrorists I'm not familiar with that
and did that resolve to the yeah you know they shot missiles but the missiles
didn't didn't didn't get to where they were going no one knows why oh so then
as a result of that the the governments of the various nations were like shit
man you companies you need to be able to protect yourselves and so they started
hiring private armies and then they got this thing called extra territorial
status which basically meant that corporations set the rules instead of
the governments and then they formed their own government called the corporate
court so as of that all the corporations started rewriting the rules and
started getting all the money and start making everyone kind of into this you
know these dystopian wage slaves so when everyone is is kind of just slaves to
corporations and corporations only have to play by the rules that they set when
they don't want to play within those rules they hire shadow runs or shadow
runners to do stuff like murder politicians or steel hi-tech shoes those
are gonna be your first two missions
yeah like a shadow run is one of these covert operations and shadow runners are
basically mercenaries yeah so yeah so we have a jacuzzi we're like we moonlight
as shadow runners well in this the thing is in the world you need this thing
called an sion that's essentially like a credit card number that everyone has
well it's like a credit card in the social security number it's what the
governments used to track you but shadow runners don't have those so they can
kind of live outside of the world or outside the law but as a result they
can't actually have jobs in the normal way so the only way they make their
living is with crime and with doing these runs if you got you're outed as a
shadow and are you imprisoned like is it illegal to be one it is illegal to be one
but that's why they always use false IDs so you'll probably be running with three
or four false IDs so if someone's like oh that's Kyle Robertson where you're
like I'm James Jamerson now it is illegal but they they have ways around it
oh you know who would be helpful in this is DeMorge Brown is DeMorge Brown here
DeMorge? DeMorge are you here? There is a really big DeMorge Brown fan over there
hopefully not too big I thought if we're gonna if we're gonna make character
are you gonna be here next week you don't have to I'm scrolling through my
schedule right now it doesn't yes I just wanted to get some get some get the
pudding stirred here a little bit we're making we're making we're making
characters now do we have to decide right now or should we should we sleep on
this and go home should I do some more research and think about this more or
should I fire from the hip and pick a character I mean I don't care for the
presentation of it maybe we should come up with character ideas and then if you
change your mind we could go from there just for the audience like what you're
saying when you're describing those five roles what you mean by that is is like
that those are kind of skill sets in order for there to be a successful like
kind of typical mission like you kind of want those points covered or at least
a couple of right so so what does the face man again like what he's the guy
that you go to for what he just knows people so if it's all if it's like oh
I need to be smuggled into the sewers of Borneo yeah he has a cake box maybe he
knows maybe he has a guy who's high up in the business so if you need to get
some business intel he knows what's going on at the Shiawase Corp for instance
so he's like Huggy Bear and Starsky and Hutch thank you DeMorge he's like that
thing that he said DeMorge your hair has become tremendous as well yeah you have
the Dan Harmon beard of hair right I think it's all it's just letting it fly
man it's good stuff is it easy to maintain how is that I just let it sit
there when it needs to be reordered I pull it all out and it curls back in on
itself over the course of a month I like it yeah I mean obviously I'm gonna be
the face man of the group that's that's obvious that's obvious I thought that
would you know I've never I've never been a magic user so I'm tempted to be a
magic user because I've never done it all right so do you want to be a shaman
or a sorcerer shaman's kind of they revere spirits whereas sorcerers are
like this is a science to use magic the function who wants me to be a shaman who
wants me to be a sorcerer I'll be a rigor who I'm a sorcerer Spencer I'm a
sorcerer all right so what who's confused about the vehemence of the
opinions oh nobody nobody okay but also there's race so there's dwarf and
human I want to be a black sorcerer okay or a dirty Irish potato sorcerer I mean
so there's human and or control and elf and dwarf who's black too I imagine an
elf sorcerer be pretty good at being a sorcerer right who wants me to be an
elf sorcerer who has no opinion I'm a Decker we should Spencer could you as a
as a GM could you give some advice on like what would be what would make us
happiest as individuals when choosing what we are like should we are you saying
what character would you like to kill off less quickly than your other character
what like should we be choosing characters that fit I don't know like
your opinion obviously there's not like right or wrong I mean if you think
about a character in like a TV show it's like that could be summed up in like a
thing and then a character like that might be appealing to you so it's like oh
she's the bubbly the girl next door like that could be like a kind of concept so
whatever appeals to you as a concept of a character you might want to play even
independent of abilities and stuff that's what I have an opinion about
whether people are most I mean like because there's two philosophies one is
you play a person who like you could never be in real life and then the other
is to like kind of play a mythologized version of what you are in real life yeah
and they're both valid like for role-playing but like do you do you
what what do you do when you play I play as little girls man yeah perfect
too soon no I play as I play as a character I exclusively play as
characters that are skinny well okay so do you play they can jump higher do you
play is but I mean like as far as personality goes do your characters
tend to be more like what you want to be or what you aren't or what you dare not
be let me utilize intelligence you know like yeah nobody mean as far as the your
relationship to that character what kind would it what should I do I'm gonna
make a decision for myself right now only because I think this will be fun I
want to be a 15 year old girl who is an elf sorcerer all right yeah I want to
be like I got like a like a young high school girl like age well Erin like a
doesn't franchise just like disaffected like a little punk rock chick when we're
playing I mean what do you tend to find yourself doing you know like you you
you you certainly craft a lot of things like you you like to find yeah well I'm
I'm I'm torn Adam what yeah I was kind of thinking that like see like taking the
existing world I would agree with that like like like oh can I make that car
do this or yeah okay cool well I mean I mean part of me really wants to play
like so it was like something that I'm not that I would really like to be like
like a really short strong immigrant man I did not expect that to get a laugh I
feel like that's obvious it like deep down inside it's just funny how
convicted you are a lot of phrases that are funny when you just say them but
then obviously like I really like crafting things and coming up with
different maybe you should start with a name first what country what country
do you emigrate from oh just like emigrate from an Eastern European
country well good news most of the Eastern European countries have been
buried by radioactive sludge so there's great reason to emigrate from them
emigrate is a 21st century form of immigration are you you send yourself to
a computer what I think I like within the game the things that I enjoy the most
are like my character like pretending to be something or trying to talk to people
I guess I don't know I just like talking to people about how they feel that could
be which that could be like the the face man you know you'll you'll stroll up to
the security guard and be all like hey man I'm here on an inspection and then
you'll roll some dice and maybe he'll believe it so it's always my favorite
part of the adventure is when Aaron is in charge of go ahead Aaron go talk to
the guy okay yeah yeah all right so you just yeah I mean well that yeah that
would probably be a disaster everyone would be really mad I hey entertainment
is a disaster it's what you enjoy okay well I enjoy I like talking to the
other characters I also like magic can I be a magic face yeah I mean they're like
we were talking about adept there's like an adept face might be like a guy who or
a girl who's like so charismatic and beautiful that it's beyond you know the
normal world I think we have a way that's a yes that is a yes I mean like
people are like I mean how did that happen I mean look at that face yes yes
I would yeah yes I would like that I yes okay okay what do you want to be
yeah I'm well I'm just gonna go I'll just go with my my old like when I played
shadow run the first time like I you know if his name is Jim Nightblade that's
fine like I like us I guess he'd be a street samurai category because it just
it's just more like an assassin yeah you probably just have a lot of gear and
stuff yeah like a like like specialty in stealth and like kill you know killing
killing yeah yeah quiet five o'clock shadow very very sexy obviously but yeah
I'm not totally unintentionally yeah I'm not gonna physically describe them you'll
you'll you'll get there like kind of ripped and you have you have like old
doodles of Jim Nightblade in your journal yeah that is a promise if I find a
dude all very yeah world world weary design right down in any of those
things that'll be like your duty to bring to the character you know yeah I'm
just gonna write down like six four thirteen you know numbers and shit what's
what's left to Marge it's you can't be black oh can I be would I be is there
some sort of cross between a street samurai and then almost like a hajira
grab like a person that move read can read a mood can shift with the mood as a
situation changes what can sense a mood change in the situation before it gets
there like he's highly perceptive yes if there was a if we were going from a to
be an in-between that there were several different types of people to
encounter or maybe is there somebody would be like since they can't have
jobs that they would have we said you can't be black I'm not even I don't
get it standing perfectly stills for the people who can't read this at home
I'm okay sir you know characters in that world sometimes there they have these
underground jobs like they're the greeter at a hotel or they're a greeter at a
like a casino it's an underground casino or something but they have all this
other information so for people in that world they have one face for people in
the know they do something completely different and they always have this sort
of broad personality for the people in the regular road so hello hi away that
kind of thing and then out there out of the other side of their mouth they're
whispering vital information people are doing something else is that so they're
like well read I don't at the street level maybe
I mean a charisma thing or well I mean it sounds what about a street samurai
that could that can kind of convince other people that can change form in
front of other people change like the newspaper guy from men in black
I'm a street samurai yeah yeah I mean what you're yeah that's a thing
definitely it sounds like what you're describing is just a guy who has this
like a precog that can walk around like a what like a precog that can walk around
oh I don't know if there's anything like that quite there's not really psychic
ability so much as magic okay sorry so just a street samurai that's all right
I'll be in every man we got to figure out your guys is racist what race do you
want to be DeMorge I want to be Norwegian and my name is horde guard so
like there's humans and dwarves and elves and then there's orcs and there's
trolls and any one of those can be from Norway
the second one dwarves I'm a dwarf okay a Norwegian dwarf I once had
he's an L dwarfling what about Dan and Aaron I want to be from British
Columbia okay and I I want my name to be
mercy O'Donnell and I want my race to be I think I think human okay mercy O'Donnell
the human from British Columbia with the face that you've never seen it looks
like a picture of the galaxy and you're like how did they take that picture but
it's a human it doesn't actually look like the guy but your relationship with
it is like it's like you're looking at the heavens I'd like to be human all
right and I'm gonna be a 15 year old girl named Juno who's an elf sorcerer
all right I think we got got got everything settled then yeah all right
that's good so do we have a show next week my character where my character
wears converse is there yeah there is a show next week oh my god
that fuck good could put no I guess there's not a show to say yeah we're
getting a rocky start coming back from the new year so there's no show next
week but then there's one one the one the week after that how about that for
for so what what do we have to do between now and the next show Spencer in
terms of character do you have to roll stats and stuff like that no I'll take
care of all that just think about the characters you want to create and their
backgrounds and what they their interests might be you know stuff like that now
you're like a super magic guy so you probably don't want a lot of like robot
parts girl yeah girl but the rest of you the rest of you guys think about maybe
also what kind of robot parts you want like maybe if you have to have a metal
spleen no no you don't what is that based like what how are we making that
decisions why would we want a metal because it's the future man you can
have laser eyes and shit and I don't know it's that's part of it if you want to
have a robot arm that has like a like a laser eye in it if you want like an eye
that shoots laser drinking fountain and your thumb I can't I can't be robotic
because I'm a magic user yeah fucks up your magics good yeah yeah I love this
so think about those things and I'll all work on making the characters you know
backgrounds your histories what what you do on Thursday evenings stuff like
that I eat Lincoln berries what what is what is what does Jim nightblade do on
a Thursday evening just like he just looks out at the futuristic cityscape
and wonders how it got to this over over a vial of blue liquid are we are we
returning in two weeks with a presentation or poetry about our
characters are you have to write up to me yeah that would be great like like
like we should we should do like old-school like like like mazes and
monsters you have to like introduce your character I am Haryana of the yeah I
don't know we'll figure it out we'll do a minute presentation any medium we would
we would like except PowerPoint except PowerPoint I also feel like structurally
I hate PowerPoint we so is the gameplay the same as a D&D like I mean for you
guys it probably will be yeah yeah it'll be pretty familiar I would like on our
side I will take the step toward like improving things by I'm gonna I think
we'll try to do is move the gameplay session into the middle of the show so
that we're not always like riproar and drunk and it's not like the thing that
we'll save for the end it's like it's like a thing we do at the goddess point
of the story and not the not the end so that we can yeah I don't know just the
thought all right that way that way it'll maybe we'll get a little it'll have a
little more consistency I'm always so fucking drunk by the by the time we
play D&D like I never remember anything Dan would it would it be okay if we did
and when I say we I mean me would it would it be okay if I if we because I
don't want to speak for everybody but like if we did maybe have a presentation
in two weeks of our characters would that be okay that's fine and also it's a
visual medium now so any any incentive to yeah if you have a hat or something
that that you play the character then that's that's all the more reason to I
see Jane is here Brad earth shine and I'm glad I didn't I've been drinking the
absence and I'm high as a Georgia pine over the shit is fucking wild I have to
write a song for community tomorrow so I shouldn't like you were like you were
going to say like wow I'm supposed to mow the lawn tomorrow but it's something
everybody cares about it is excited about I have to feed the baby tomorrow
what's the song about without spoiling anything it's just it's just I just have
to just a just a song it's just a song that that that Brett Britta used to
listen to in high school something like a like a like a like a cool like
alternative song like a la who like maybe Porta's head but why don't you just
try riffing a little bit for us right now workshop it workshop that shit I mean
do you have like I don't have any Porta's head of that I was trying to do the
Porta's head you want music yeah yeah what do you what do you have what do you
have instrumental what kind of mood do you feel like I mean like like like
heroin like that's the idea kind of like very very laconic not mainstream
luck
class blood dirt
as dreams buddy glass dream
Thank you for coming to Harmontown, everybody.
DeMorge Brown, Special Crittenden, Erin McGathy, I'm Jeff Davis, your mayor, Dan Harmon, everybody.
Thank you, Jane, for the booze.
Dan, Dan, keep singing.
Track mark sitting.
Fire escape.
Torn dress.
Art degree.
Why'd I make you such a mistake?
Down the drain like a hurricane.
Fingerness bleeding on the brain cellophane.
Independent label.
Torn tank top.
Good night, everybody. We love you.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.